doc/index.rst, before:

.. _`wheezy.captcha`:

Wheezy Captcha
==============

Introduction
------------

:ref:`wheezy.captcha` is a `python`_ package written in pure Python code.
It is a lightweight captcha library that provides integration with:

* `PIL`_ - Python Imaging Library 1.1.7.

It is optimized for performance, well tested and documented.

Resources:

* `source code`_, `examples`_ and `issues`_ tracker are available
  on `bitbucket`_
* `documentation`_, `readthedocs`_
* `eggs`_ on `pypi`_

Contents
--------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   gettingstarted
   examples
   userguide
   modules

.. _`bitbucket`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.captcha
.. _`documentation`: http://packages.python.org/wheezy.captcha
.. _`eggs`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/wheezy.captcha
.. _`examples`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.captcha/src/tip/demos
.. _`issues`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.captcha/issues
.. _`pil`: http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/
.. _`pypi`: http://pypi.python.org
.. _`python`: http://www.python.org
.. _`readthedocs`: http://readthedocs.org/builds/wheezycaptcha
.. _`source code`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.captcha/src

Commit message:

Added support for python3 via integration with pillow.

doc/index.rst, after:

.. _`wheezy.captcha`:

Wheezy Captcha
==============

Introduction
------------

:ref:`wheezy.captcha` is a `python`_ package written in pure Python code.
It is a lightweight captcha library that provides integration
with (one of below must be installed):

* `PIL`_ - Python Imaging Library 1.1.7.
* `Pillow`_ - Python Imaging Library (fork).

It is optimized for performance, well tested and documented.

Resources:

* `source code`_, `examples`_ and `issues`_ tracker are available
  on `bitbucket`_
* `documentation`_, `readthedocs`_
* `eggs`_ on `pypi`_

Contents
--------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   gettingstarted
   examples
   userguide
   modules

.. _`bitbucket`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.captcha
.. _`documentation`: http://packages.python.org/wheezy.captcha
.. _`eggs`: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/wheezy.captcha
.. _`examples`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.captcha/src/tip/demos
.. _`issues`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.captcha/issues
.. _`pil`: http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/
.. _`pillow`: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/Pillow
.. _`pypi`: http://pypi.python.org
.. _`python`: http://www.python.org
.. _`readthedocs`: http://readthedocs.org/builds/wheezycaptcha
.. _`source code`: http://bitbucket.org/akorn/wheezy.captcha/src
